    # 8,834 of 8,834
    Source id # is:  27,278
    Path followed:   tr.sea!dfa.dtw
    Source software: Citadel+/065pà166
    Monday 04/24/95 06:25.47 AM (EDT) From Richard Goldfinder @ The Raft, 
Seattle, WA, US {USA/WA/KING}, +1 206 861 9936 In bbs history>
 Yes, GremCit is primarily from DragCit 3.12, with some ACit code (and code 
from other sources) thrown in.  That's what Matt started with. 
  
 Gee, you didn't like the way the tree looked?!? 
  
 I thought that PsychoCit (derived from FredCit) was only on use on one BBS 
(its namesake).  Just like RealmCit (derived from GremCit). 
  
 The requirements for getting on the tree were: 
  1) In use for at least one year on a single BBS, or 
  2) In use on one or more BBSes simultaneously. 
  
 On the alpha list of software, "Anticlimactic Teleservices Ltd" should be 
changed to "Anticlimactic Teleservices" (no longer Ltd).  Additionally, if 
you're going to slash CP/M, you should hyphenate MS-DOS.  Also, "Fred McClain" 
should be "Fred McLain".  "Capt James T Kirk" can be fully spelled. 
  
 You have "Common" on the tree, shouldn't it be "Commons"?  (Grey Mouser) 
  
 Seems like there should be a line between FrogCit and Co-OpCit, since they've 
had so much code sharing with each other (and to a lesser extent with FredCit).
  
 Titan was used more on a 130XE than an 800, as I recall.  He was using BASIC 
XL for a while but I could swear he switched to BASIC XE.  I know that Titanic 
required BASIC XE (not just plain BASIC). 
    # 9,034 of 9,034
    Source id # is:  216,883
    Path followed:   tat.sea!tr!dfa.dtw
    Source software: Citadel+/065pà166
    Wednesday 04/26/95 12:09.51 AM (EDT) From Brent Bottles @ The Anticlimactic
Teleservice, Seattle, US/WA/KING, +1 206 562 9792 In bbs history>
The main source of GremCit 3.20 is DragCit 3.12, not Matt's port of DragCit 
3.11 to MSC. 
  
 The second (ranked in order of amount of code) source of GremCit 3.20 is ACit,
whatever version number Richard was using. 
  
 The third (ranked in order of amount of code) source is Matt's Citadel 1.xx 
which DragCit was derived from. 
  
 Actually, I think that there might be more Stonehenge code in there than 
Citadel 1.xx code. I'm pretty sure that Matt took the screen width formatting 
type code out of Stonehenge when he rewrote it in /064. 
  
 If you want to make the tree really ugly (but perhaps more accurate), you can 
node that ACit took a significant amount of GremCit code and put it into ACit 
(net 1.69). 
  
 The code that I can think of that came from ACit to GremCit is: Auxmem stuff, 
scroll-back buffer, and a whole bunch of minor little improvements here and 
there. (Stuff like better .Read By user, perhaps #WYSIWYG, etc.) 
    # 9,036 of 9,036
    Source id # is:  27,835
    Path followed:   tr.sea!dfa.dtw
    Source software: Citadel+/065pà166
    Wednesday 04/26/95 06:26.25 AM (EDT) From Richard Goldfinder @ The Raft, 
Seattle, WA, US {USA/WA/KING}, +1 206 861 9936 In bbs history>
 Atlas is descended both ACit and GremCit 3.20, so it should be lower on the 
tree (if at all*).  The line connecting it should go all the way to it. 
  
 Part of the confusion stems from only one version of DragCit instead of two.  
Some Citadels (e.g. MavenCit and possibly Neon Pagoda) are descended from 3.12.
FrogCit, Co-OpCit, are descended from 3.11 (or 3.10?).  TwitCit and Elegia and 
DragCit Rev.B are from still earlier versions. 
  
 There was another way to get on the tree that I forgot to mention: 
  3) It is a direct link (line of descent) between two softwares on the tree. 
 That's why DragCit 3.11 for MSC is on (it really wasn't very popular). 
